README.md, before:

# Knowit Wild West

This demo was made for HoloLense using Unity and [HoloToolkit-Unity](https://github.com/Microsoft/HoloToolkit-Unity "HoloToolkit-Unity"). It is a demo using spatial mapping to place objects in the world, spatial audio and hand gestures and voice commands to interact with the objects.

## Getting Started
First, clone the repo.
```
git clone https://github.com/stengard/Knowit-Wild-West.git
```
### Prerequisites

1. [HoloLense](https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-hololens/en-us "HoloLense") or [HoloLense Emulator](https://developer.microsoft.com/sv-se/windows/holographic/install_the_tools "HoloLense Emulator")
2. [Unity HoloLense Technical Preview](https://unity3d.com/partners/microsoft/hololens "Unity HoloLense Technical Preview")
3. Visual Studio 2015

### Installing

1. If you're using a HoloLense, install the drivers etc. Otherwise install the Emulator.
2. install Unity HoloLense Technical Preview.

Open the project in Unity. You can use unitys Game mode or export to Visual Studio and build to the HoloLense or HoloLense Emulator.

#### Export the project from Unity to Visual Studio

Follow these steps and you should be ready to go

1. In Unity select File > Build Settings.
2. Select Windows Store in the Platform list and click Switch Platform.
3. Set SDK to Universal 10 and Build Type to D3D.
4. Check Unity C# Projects.
5. Click Add Open Scenes to add the scene.
6. Click Player Settings....
7. In the Inspector Panel select the Windows Store logo. Then select Publishing Settings.
8. In the Capabilities section, select the Microphone and SpatialPerception capabilities.
9. Back in the Build Settings window, click Build.
10. Create a New Folder named "App".
11. Single click the App Folder.
12. Press Select Folder.
13. When Unity is done, a File Explorer window will appear.
14. Open the App folder.
15. Open the Origami Visual Studio Solution.
16. Using the top toolbar in Visual Studio, change the target from Debug to Release and from ARM to X86.
    * Click on the arrow next to the Device button, and select HoloLens Emulator.
    * Click Debug -> Start Without debugging or press Ctrl + F5.
    * After some time the emulator will start with the Origami project. When first launching the emulator, it can take as long as 15 minutes for the emulator to start up. Once it starts, do not close it.



## Using the app

Following information states which gestures are available and what can be done in the application.

### Gestures

#### Action

The initialize an action on an object the tap gesture is used.

```
Example: To set the timer on the TNT. First look at it and then make the tap gesture with your fingers.
```

#### Move Objects

To move an object the hold gesture is used.
```
Example: To move the radio to another place, first look at it and then make the tap and hold gesture with your fingers. Then you can move it around with your gaze; where you look is where the object is placed.
```

### Voice Commands



## Built With

* [HoloToolkit-Unity](https://github.com/Microsoft/HoloToolkit-Unity "HoloToolkit-Unity")

## Authors

* **Martin Stengård** - *Coding, design, etc.*

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Hat tip to anyone who's code was used and to everyone who helped.

Commit message:

fixed trashcan. WAs able to delete stuff that should not be deleted

README.md, after:

# Knowit Wild West

This demo was made for HoloLense using Unity and [HoloToolkit-Unity](https://github.com/Microsoft/HoloToolkit-Unity "HoloToolkit-Unity"). It is a demo using spatial mapping to place objects in the world, spatial audio and hand gestures and voice commands to interact with the objects. The theme is

## Getting Started
First, download the repo.

```
git clone https://github.com/stengard/Knowit-Wild-West.git
```
### Prerequisites

1. [HoloLense](https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-hololens/en-us "HoloLense") or [HoloLense Emulator](https://developer.microsoft.com/sv-se/windows/holographic/install_the_tools "HoloLense Emulator")
2. [Unity HoloLense Technical Preview](https://unity3d.com/partners/microsoft/hololens "Unity HoloLense Technical Preview")
3. Visual Studio 2015

### Installing

1. If you're using a HoloLense. Skip this step. Otherwise, install the Emulator.
2. install Unity HoloLense Technical Preview.

Open the project in Unity. You can use unitys Game mode or export to Visual Studio and build to the HoloLense or HoloLense Emulator.

#### Export the project from Unity to Visual Studio

Follow these steps and you should be ready to go

1. In Unity select File > Build Settings.
2. Select Windows Store in the Platform list and click Switch Platform.
3. Set SDK to Universal 10 and Build Type to D3D.
4. Check Unity C# Projects.
5. Click Add Open Scenes to add the scene.
6. Click Player Settings....
7. In the Inspector Panel select the Windows Store logo. Then select Publishing Settings.
8. In the Capabilities section, select the Microphone and SpatialPerception capabilities.
9. Back in the Build Settings window, click Build.
10. Create a New Folder named "App".
11. Single click the App Folder.
12. Press Select Folder.
13. When Unity is done, a File Explorer window will appear.
14. Open the App folder.
15. Open the Origami Visual Studio Solution.
16. Using the top toolbar in Visual Studio, change the target from Debug to Release and from ARM to X86.
    * Click on the arrow next to the Device button, and select HoloLens Emulator.
    * Click Debug -> Start Without debugging or press Ctrl + F5.
    * After some time the emulator will start with the Origami project. When first launching the emulator, it can take as long as 15 minutes for the emulator to start up. Once it starts, do not close it.



## Using the app

Following information states which gestures are available and what can be done in the application.

### Gestures

#### Menu
The menu can be toggled on and off by tapping on the hat. The hat can be moved around and be placed on walls - the menu will
follow it around.

##### Spawn objects
You can select different categories (currently 1,2 and actors) from the menu. The object will be spawned on the location of the
brown "stone". The stone can be placed anywhere on the floor to change the spawn location.

```
Example: Tap TNT box button in the menu to spawn a TNT Box.
```

#### Action
The initialize an action on an object the tap gesture is used.

```
Example: To blow up a the TNT. First look at it and then make the tap gesture with your fingers.
```

#### Move Objects
To move an object the hold gesture is used.
```
Example: To move the radio to another place, first look at it and then make the tap and hold gesture with your fingers.
Then you can move it around with your gaze; where you look is where the object is placed. A greenish box around the
object will appear when it's being moved. The green color indicats that there is enough room for the object to be
placed there. If the color of the box is red it's not possible to place it in the current location. IF The hold
gesture is released during an invalid placement, the object will go back to its' previous position.
```
##### Remove objects
In the menu, a trashcan can be spawned under category 2. Place it anywhere on the floor and then move any object to it by using the hold gesture. Release the hold gesture when the object is in the trashcan (not visible) to delete it from the scene.

### Voice Commands
TNT's can be blown up by looking at one and simply saying "Blow up".


## Built With
* [Unity HoloLense Technical Preview](https://unity3d.com/partners/microsoft/hololens "Unity HoloLense Technical Preview")
* [HoloToolkit-Unity](https://github.com/Microsoft/HoloToolkit-Unity "HoloToolkit-Unity")


## Authors

* **Martin Stengård** - *Coding, design, etc.*

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details
